
I've solved the mystery behind Targeted Individuals, or at least some subset of them. If you are a "TI", there is a good chance that someone in your social proximity is a serious hardcore criminal; a mobster, a foreign spy, something of that scale. What happens is that, obviously, the security agencies are going to watch the criminals, but they are also going to watch innocent people in their proximity. The problem is that not all politicians are decent human beings, and sometimes the bad guys are their friends.

So, when these crooks come into power, they look for ways to bend, twist and corrupt the investigation against the innocent people on the fringes because they are inconvenient. They are a liability. They could find out what is going on and publish it. So, in order to keep that from happening, they conduct psychological warfare against them to make them appear crazy, and thus to preemptively discredit them.

You know what to do. You go not to one police agency. You go to all of them. If you know who it is that is a spy, or a crook, or a gangster, you assemble everything you know, all the evidence you can find, and you dump it in every public place, by every public avenue you can think of. Don't just say it, sow it so that it has a life of its own and nobody can head it off. You don't need clearance. Your clearance is the First Amendment. You have a right to warn people of the commission of evil and criminality, so don't let anybody tell you you don't. You have the power to put a stop to this, and you do it by speaking and being loud about it.

Leadership is betraying the nation. They are weaponizing the security apparatus against witnesses and potential witnesses, and sometimes they combine and coordinate that with the actions of mercenaries, gangsters, and foreign agents, to sabotage their own operations. Innocent people of every walk of life are in danger. We are in danger of more Benghazis; because what if it was not an accident? There is no security consideration higher than this. It must be known that the people who hate us are the ones in charge and the direction they give is to our detriment and for our self-destruction.

This is my testimony, and if something happens to me, you know why. If you want to help me, and to help yourself, you do the same thing now, because these people aren't being merciful to you. They are already hurting you as much as they can.


Motive:
https://twitter.com/LevitatorThe/status/1511239408334299144
----------------------------->
I have a cousin in North C[a]rolina who is an anesthesiologist operating in the vicinity of Fort Bragg, and rumor has it that she exploits her profession to place service members in an intermediate state of consciousness between wakefulness and sleep so as to interrogate them.
3:08 AM 路 Apr 5, 2022路Twitter Web App

She does work within the VA, but her husband is an independent doctor who does cosmetic work, and cosmetic work provides a means by which to lure service members outside the purview of the VA, which does not cover cosmetics. Her proximity to a military base, her work at the VA, and the link to cosmetic surgery all serve to support -- or are at least consistent -- with the rumor I described. I have no way of confirming or debunking this rumor. However, the aggression and psychological warfare activity I have noticed in my surroundings support this.

I have witness[ed] great efforts leading all the way to outright libel, perjury, and the falsification of court documents in order to discredit me. This also supports the proposition that someone is hiding something major, and this is the only thing big enough that I am aware of.
<-----------------------------


Evidence that they intend to expand these tactics:
https://twitter.com/LevitatorThe/status/1511532321983377413
------------------------------>
Hey, Berns! How's it going? You read my recent missive to a procession of investigative and military agencies? Let's have a chat, air things out. Get them out in the open, which is how I know you like them. I'm going to share with you what I think your motives are.
10:20 PM 路 Apr 5, 2022路Twitter Web App

Apr 5
Replying to 
@LevitatorThe
 and 
@BernieSanders
I'm pretty sure I just caught some criminals spying on the DoD, and I'm sure this has nothing to do with you, obviously. However, it concerns me that your DSA has, in the past proposed LSD as a treatment for PTSD. Let's now contemplate the question...

of who it is that predominantly gets PTSD. There has to be some specific industry of traumatized individuals with high-stress jobs who are disproportionately affected, but I can't think of who that is. I'm sorry, I just lost my train of thought, so I'm going to change subjects.

Did you know that historically LSD has been researched as an interrogation agent? That's far out, isn't it. But according to the DSA, it's also medicine! It's amazing how versatile a thing can be that it works for stupefying a person for the purpose of intelligence extraction...

..and it's also, coincidentally medicine, according to you! I'm sure you aren't promoting drugs because it makes it easier to discredit people you dislike, or so that you can abuse people and then dismiss them as drug users because that would be evil. Talk to ya later!
<------------------------------

To authenticate that I am a target, have been spied on, and that my ideas have been exploited:
https://twitter.com/LevitatorThe/status/1512309401406877698
------------------------------>
Apr 8
Replying to 
@LevitatorThe
 and 
@larryelder
Here is a post where I discuss the inherent unsuitability of computers for counting votes, at least in the manner in which we do it today. Note the gap by which the date predates the current debacle. http://rasteroids.blogspot.com/2012/11/too-much-computing.html

This isn't a theory. It's a certainty, which I can confirm because I was brutally attacked within a month of writing that post. That's why my posts immediately dropped off. It's the penultimate one before I stopped writing.

I'll add that "rasteroids" is a pseudonym I've not used anywhere else. There is only one way someone knew that was me; they had to be spying on me. The question is; who abused that information to assault me and then subsequently foment this electoral scandal?
<------------------------------


Saturday, November 17, 2012
Too Much Computing?
There's something that's been bothering me for a while. Computerized voting. Why? Because nobody knows what's inside a computer. Literally. Microchips are tiny, and they consist of billions of miniscule structures photographically etched onto a glass slab the size of a coin which, further, is encased in ceramic or polymer resin.

So, unless you have shaved open every chip in the voting machine and then analyzed it under an exotic microscope layer by layer, you don't know what was inside the machine you used to vote. You don't know what was in it before you voted, nor, more importantly, what it recorded while you voted.

The trouble is that there are many avenues for the introduction of flaws at various points in the production and supply chain for the machines and their software. Add to this the fact that we vote by secret ballot in the US, and there's really not much way to verify the validity of anything that comes out of an electronic voting machine, because all it contains is a pattern of magnetic charges that are only meaningful within itself, and to its manufacturer. It can claim anything it was programmed or wired to say, whether by mistake, or by malicious contrivance. On the other hand, with a paper ballot, there are minute details which, though they might not tie a ballot to a specific individual, they do distinguish the ballots from each other. Handwriting, in particular, for example. So, I don't see what's wrong with using old-fashioned pen and paper. Actually, I think voting is a rare instance where pen and paper are vastly superior to any mechanical or electronic method.

Posted by rasteroids at 7:36 AM  


Remember New Hampshire.

Jose Batista







